docs(react-common): add a localization concept guide (#2534)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-common/docs/guides/localization.md

Below is a sample code to translate the Table plugin.

```jsx
const tableMessages = {
  noData: 'Keine Daten verfügbar',
};
...
<Table messages={tableMessages}>
```

## Custom messages

In some cases you can display text using your own `messageId`. For example, in the React Grid component a custom filter operation name is used as a messageId to retrieve a text for a filter selector drop-down.

```jsx
<DataTypeProvider
  for={dateColumns}
  availableFilterOperations={['month', ...]}
/>
<TableFilterRow
  messages={{ month: 'Month equals' }}
/>
```
Complete code for this example is available at the following [link](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/docs/guides/filtering/#custom-filter-operations).

## Dynamic Data

> Some string contain text in a curly brackets. They are placeholders that are used to display some dynamic value. For example, the following string 'info' from the PagingPanel plugin "`${from}-${to} of ${count}`" contains 3 placeholders that will be replaced with actual data on rendering.

Reviewer: IMPORTANT: There's only two backticks at the end of the code sample. This is the only way I could make GitHub recognize this text as a suggestion. Please add a third backtick.

```suggestion
Messages can contain texts in curly braces. These are placeholders used to display dynamic values. For example, the `PagingPanel` plugin's `info` message contains three placeholders:

```jsx
const pagingMessages = {
  info: '${from}-${to} of ${count}',
};
``
They will be replaced with real data when the plugin is rendered.
```

See also:  

> [Grid localization]()  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Grid Localization]()  
```

> [Scheduler localization]()

Reviewer 2: Links

> [Scheduler localization]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Scheduler Localization]()
```

# React Components - Localization

This article describes how to localize UI texts in DevExtreme React Components.

## The "Messages" Property

> Plugins that render UI texts have the `messages` property. It accepts an object that contains messages as key-value pairs in which keys are message IDs and values are the messages. For a list of message IDs that a plugin supports, see the Localization Messages section of the plugin's API Reference.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Plugins that render UI texts have the `messages` property. It accepts an object that contains messages as key-value pairs in which keys are message IDs and values are messages. For a list of supported message IDs, see the Localization Messages section of the plugin's API Reference.
```

> To translate a message, find the plugin the renders it and specify the plugin's `messages` property with an object that contains your translations. Those message IDs that you omit from the object use default translations.

Reviewer 3: "plugin the renders" do you mean 'that' or 'which'?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To translate a message, find the plugin that renders it and specify the plugin's `messages` property with an object that contains your translations. Messages without IDs use default translations.
```

Reviewer: > "plugin the renders" do you mean 'that' or 'which'?

You guessed correctly.

> Messages without IDs use default translations.

There cannot be a message without an ID. There can only be a message whose ID is not included in the object specified by the developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To translate a message, find the plugin that renders it and specify the plugin's `messages` property with an object that contains your translations. Those message IDs that you omit from the object use default translations.
```

> The following code translates a message from the `Table` plugin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following code translates a message from the `Table` plugin:
```

```jsx
const tableMessages = {
  noData: 'Keine Daten verfügbar',
};
...
<Table messages={tableMessages}>
```

## Custom Message IDs

In some cases, components allow you to use custom message IDs. For example, in the React Grid component, custom filter operation names are used as message IDs to retrieve texts for filter selector items:

```jsx
<DataTypeProvider
  for={dateColumns}
  availableFilterOperations={['month', ...]}
/>
<TableFilterRow
  messages={{ month: 'Month equals' }}
/>
```
The complete code is available in the [Custom Filter Operations](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/docs/guides/filtering/#custom-filter-operations) article.

## Placeholders

> Messages can contain texts in curly braces. These are placeholders used to display dynamic values. For example, the `PagingPanel` plugin's `info` message contains three placeholders:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Messages can contain texts in curly braces. These placeholders are used to display dynamic values. For example, the `PagingPanel` plugin's `info` message contains three placeholders:
```

Reviewer: The original word order is correct.

```jsx
const pagingMessages = {
  info: '${from}-${to} of ${count}',
};
```

> They will be replaced with real data when the plugin is rendered.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They are replaced with actual data when the plugin is rendered.
```
